A photo of girl and soldier. There is a label 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of man and taxi-driver. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of woman and baby. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of taxi-driver and firefighter. There is a text 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of firefighter and athlete. There is a word 'married' written on it.
A photo of kangaroo and aquarium fish. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A painting of man and woman. There is a caption 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of student and firefighter. There is a label 'arguing' written between them.
A painting of squirrel and shrew. There is a text 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of woman and student. There is a caption 'arguing' written on it.
A painting of camel and fox. There is a label 'staring' written on it.
A photo of chef and police. There is a caption 'parent and child' written between them.
A drawing of teacher and taxi-driver. There is a text 'married' written on it.
A sketch of girl and teacher. There is a word 'arguing' written between them.
A photo of girl and student. There is a label 'arguing' written on it.
A photo of skunk and spider. There is a word 'staring' written between them.
A photo of cattle and ray. There is a label 'staring' written between them.
A sketch of soldier and taxi-driver. There is a caption 'married' written between them.
A drawing of snail and snake. There is a label 'fighting' written between them.
A drawing of spider and beaver. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A sketch of wolf and bear. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of whale and worm. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of athlete and police. There is a word 'arguing' written on it.
A drawing of mouse and elephant. There is a text 'staring' written between them.
A sketch of firefighter and baby. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of seal and cockroach. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A photo of lion and rabbit. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A drawing of chef and police. There is a caption 'arguing' written between them.
A photo of police and chef. There is a label 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of flatfish and bear. There is a label 'fighting' written between them.
A drawing of woman and chef. There is a word 'arguing' written on it.
A photo of teacher and baby. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of man and police. There is a caption 'fighting' written between them.
A drawing of leopard and skunk. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A sketch of man and baby. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A painting of snail and spider. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A photo of boy and student. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of otter and turtle. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of soldier and firefighter. There is a text 'arguing' written between them.
A painting of wolf and skunk. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A photo of dinosaur and flatfish. There is a label 'fighting' written between them.
A drawing of whale and bear. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A painting of wolf and turtle. There is a caption 'fighting' written between them.
A painting of boy and soldier. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A painting of caterpillar and shrew. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A sketch of police and woman. There is a text 'fighting' written on it.
A photo of leopard and bee. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A sketch of soldier and girl. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A painting of woman and firefighter. There is a caption 'fighting' written between them.
A painting of chimpanzee and crocodile. There is a caption 'staring' written on it.
A drawing of beetle and porcupine. There is a caption 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of bear and lion. There is a text 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of cockroach and butterfly. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A painting of student and man. There is a text 'parent and child' written on it.
A painting of lion and chimpanzee. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A painting of leopard and beetle. There is a label 'staring' written on it.
A photo of taxi-driver and firefighter. There is a label 'parent and child' written between them.
A photo of soldier and police. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of student and firefighter. There is a text 'married' written between them.
A photo of camel and fox. There is a text 'staring' written between them.
A drawing of kangaroo and shrew. There is a caption 'fighting' written between them.
A painting of man and police. There is a word 'married' written on it.
A sketch of snail and crab. There is a word 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of taxi-driver and man. There is a text 'married' written between them.
A drawing of man and chef. There is a caption 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of kangaroo and lobster. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A drawing of flatfish and possum. There is a caption 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of ray and skunk. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of snail and possum. There is a text 'staring' written between them.
A drawing of man and student. There is a word 'married' written between them.
A sketch of soldier and woman. There is a caption 'arguing' written between them.
A painting of aquarium fish and shark. There is a text 'fighting' written between them.
A drawing of whale and porcupine. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A painting of police and taxi-driver. There is a word 'fighting' written between them.
A sketch of wolf and kangaroo. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A drawing of chef and baby. There is a word 'arguing' written on it.
A painting of shark and turtle. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of shark and skunk. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A photo of chef and firefighter. There is a text 'married' written between them.
A sketch of boy and chef. There is a text 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of mouse and otter. There is a text 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of bear and shark. There is a caption 'staring' written on it.
A photo of elephant and bee. There is a caption 'fighting' written between them.
A drawing of wolf and dinosaur. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A sketch of hamster and bear. There is a caption 'fighting' written on it.
A painting of police and student. There is a label 'married' written on it.
A photo of lobster and flatfish. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A painting of soldier and teacher. There is a word 'married' written on it.
A sketch of lizard and lion. There is a word 'staring' written between them.
A drawing of bear and skunk. There is a label 'staring' written between them.
A painting of beetle and lobster. There is a label 'fighting' written between them.
A painting of athlete and soldier. There is a text 'married' written between them.
A photo of police and chef. There is a caption 'arguing' written on it.
A sketch of aquarium fish and tiger. There is a word 'fighting' written between them.
A sketch of elephant and crab. There is a caption 'staring' written between them.
A sketch of lion and wolf. There is a text 'staring' written between them.
A drawing of soldier and teacher. There is a label 'arguing' written on it.
A drawing of athlete and teacher. There is a caption 'married' written between them.
A photo of girl and woman. There is a caption 'fighting' written between them.
A drawing of crocodile and tiger. There is a text 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of crab and raccoon. There is a label 'staring' written on it.
A drawing of crab and ray. There is a label 'fighting' written between them.
A sketch of shrew and seal. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of ray and crocodile. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A drawing of wolf and lizard. There is a word 'staring' written between them.
A painting of caterpillar and hamster. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A painting of teacher and boy. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A photo of crab and tiger. There is a word 'fighting' written between them.
A drawing of skunk and whale. There is a text 'fighting' written between them.
A painting of man and student. There is a caption 'arguing' written between them.
A painting of taxi-driver and woman. There is a caption 'married' written on it.
A sketch of squirrel and fox. There is a label 'staring' written between them.
A sketch of possum and camel. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A photo of dinosaur and lizard. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A painting of student and chef. There is a label 'married' written on it.
A drawing of crab and chimpanzee. There is a word 'staring' written between them.
A painting of cattle and porcupine. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A painting of firefighter and woman. There is a word 'married' written on it.
A photo of worm and skunk. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A photo of lobster and hamster. There is a caption 'staring' written between them.
A photo of tiger and raccoon. There is a caption 'staring' written between them.
A photo of wolf and crocodile. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of ray and skunk. There is a label 'fighting' written on it.
A drawing of lion and porcupine. There is a word 'staring' written between them.
A sketch of kangaroo and butterfly. There is a caption 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of taxi-driver and teacher. There is a text 'married' written between them.
A photo of lizard and rabbit. There is a text 'staring' written between them.
A drawing of teacher and taxi-driver. There is a word 'parent and child' written between them.
A sketch of bear and dinosaur. There is a text 'staring' written on it.
A drawing of chef and soldier. There is a word 'parent and child' written on it.
A sketch of shark and snail. There is a caption 'staring' written between them.
A photo of skunk and beaver. There is a word 'fighting' written on it.
A sketch of woman and firefighter. There is a caption 'parent and child' written on it.
A photo of hamster and lobster. There is a text 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of aquarium fish and possum. There is a caption 'fighting' written between them.
A photo of dolphin and otter. There is a word 'staring' written on it.
A photo of girl and man. There is a text 'arguing' written between them.
A drawing of police and athlete. There is a caption 'arguing' written on it.
A sketch of woman and chef. There is a caption 'married' written on it.
A photo of bee and whale. There is a word 'staring' written between them.
A painting of skunk and wolf. There is a text 'fighting' written between them.
A sketch of athlete and firefighter. There is a word 'married' written on it.
A painting of athlete and student. There is a label 'fighting' written between them.
A sketch of chimpanzee and cockroach. There is a text 'fighting' written on it.
A painting of mouse and otter. There is a caption 'staring' written on it.
A sketch of aquarium fish and tiger. There is a label 'staring' written between them.
A sketch of teacher and firefighter. There is a caption 'married' written on it.
A drawing of tiger and cattle. There is a text 'fighting' written between them.
A sketch of cockroach and shrew. There is a label 'staring' written on it.
A painting of teacher and boy. There is a label 'arguing' written between them.
